thank you you guys love me well as a
friend right yeah as a friend
I don't Roger I really like you not as a
friend as a boyfriend
that's a boyfriend yeah hey Ronda you
know wagging your meat it is awesome
like like a boyfriend he's like Oh even
dude well do it because that's my ten
year old son morons I don't appreciate
you asking my ten-year-old son about
some of the questions you were asking my
god oh my god Rogers a second not those
words I just just keep having fun I'm
just gonna turn you all in because
that's inappropriate talking that way to
a ten-year-old you know how many people
talk that way on this game dude he's 10
years old and you just you know take it
easy he told me he was 28 he's seriously
yeah I have the recording for it
I even joking he said he was 28 well
okay whatever he said but I'm just
telling you the facts okay he's a chill
out hi we're sorry sir we saw guys go
around with me and I'll just laugh and
he's ten years old he had nothing better
hi it worsened sir we're sorry do you
have the game hang of yourself that's me
it's not him he was just playing oh well
when you guys were watching I am Legend
that one night remember that night
because he was he was talking to us
about that he said my mom and dad went
to go see I am Legend and then so then
he said he was 28 and then he was saying
some very bad words sir
he said he Jackson to me hey it's a
proper don't be talking that way in
front of him right now I'm said well I
said he Jack is me that's what he said
god he doesn't even know what he's
talking about
okay guys I'm right here